---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "Consciously or otherwise, we are wired to ask ourselves the question,What is this life all for?\_It would seem that ideologies spring forth from this very question – theism – secularism – scientism – spiritualism – hedonism – and so on. After much research and contemplation, I have become committed to the view that it is not for anything in particular,butthat is it for whatever one chooses it to be. So in essence, freedom of choice, is what it all boils down to."
datePublished: '2016-04-11T04:56:57.307Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-11T04:28:39.383Z'
title: Mission
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-11-9d975963-1482-478d-81d4-d37398327bbd.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 9d975963-1482-478d-81d4-d37398327bbd/index.html
_type: Article

---
Consciously or otherwise, we are wired to ask ourselves the question,**_What is this life all for?_** It would seem that ideologies spring forth from this very question -- theism -- secularism -- scientism -- spiritualism -- hedonism -- and so on. After much research and contemplation, I have become committed to the view that it is not for anything in particular,_but_that is it for whatever one chooses it to be. So in essence, freedom of choice, is what it all boils down to.

Setting freedom of choice as a primary principle is precarious, because this position does not instruct us on what to choose. And it would seem that we are (at least historically) quite incapable at choosing for ourselves. Perhaps this is because we are social creatures, and so we are concerned with making choices that are acceptable to the group. Perhaps it is because we are phenomenological creatures that need to ensure our choices result in some benefit to our selves.

What is it to value freedom of choice above all else in practical terms? To live such a value requires the critique of anything that curtails one's freedom of choice, and to have the tools that support the making of 'free' choices, as opposed to instinctive choices, partisan choices, doctrinal choices, and the like.

My personal mission: To live a life that upholds freedom of choice above all else, and advocate for this ethic by critiquing the social practices that encroach on freedom of choice, while providing tools that assist my fellow human beings in making free choices.